# Timelog

* Weather app for scheduling when to hang the washing outside to dry
* chuyu HUANG
* 2431017
* Andrei,O

## Guidance

* This file contains the time log for your project. It will be submitted along with your final dissertation.
* **YOU MUST KEEP THIS UP TO DATE AND UNDER VERSION CONTROL.**
* This timelog should be filled out honestly, regularly (daily) and accurately. It is for *your* benefit.
* Follow the structure provided, grouping time by weeks.  Quantise time to the half hour.

## Week 1

### 20 Sep 2021

* 2hours checking the relevant information available from Moodle page
* 
* *0.5 hour* checking the status report/timelog template.

### 21 Sep 2021

* *3 hour* meeting with supervisor

* *2 hours* writing initial version of test harness
### 22 Sep 2021

* *1 hour* making bidding

### 23 Sep 2021

* *1 hour* making bidding, change the final list.

### 25 Sep 2021
* *0.5 hour* checking the time line/ milestones on moodle pages.

## Week 2

### 30 Sep 2021
* *0.5 hour* getting contact with supervisors, decide Friday 2:30pm for furture supervisor meeting.

### 1 Oct 2021
* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervisor.

* *2 hour* background researching.

### 3 Oct 2021

* *1 hour* background researching.
## Week 3

### 5 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hour* background researching.


### 8 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervisor.
* *0.5 hour* background researching.

### 9 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hour* start working on status reports.
* *0.5 hour* background researching.

## Week 4
### 14 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hour* checking report requirment/deadline with supervisor.
* *1 hour* background researching.
  
## Week 5  
### 20 Oct 2021

* *2 hour* working on ER diagarm
* *0.5 hour* perpare for the figma prototype creating.


## Week 6
### 29 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hour* getting contact with supervioser from Email. explain the missing meeting for last2 weeks.

### 31 Oct 2021

* *0.5 hour* background researching.

## Week 7

### 5 Nov 2021

* *0.5 hour* background researching.

## Week 8
### 10 Nov 2021

* *1 hour* working on user story

### 11 Nov 2021

* *0.5 hour* working on ER diagram
* *0.5 hour* working on function defination

### 12 Nov 2021

* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervisor

### 13 Nov 2021

* *1 hour* working on function define
* *0.5 hour* finish the user story

## Week 9
### 15 Nov 2021

* *3 hour* working on figma prototype

### 16 Nov 2021

* *1 hour* working on figma prototype

### 18 Nov 2021

* *2 hour* new function on figma prototype
* *0.5 hour*  add a new user story as supervioser asked
* *0.5 hour* working on status report.


### 19 Nov 2021

* *0.5 hour* background researching
* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervioser.

## Week 10
### 26 Nov 2021

* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervioser

## Week 11
### 3 Dec 2021

* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervioser
* *1 hour* working on the the language choosing

## Week 12
### 10 Dec 2021

* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervioser
* *2 hour* working on the background researching about the language

### 11 Dec 2021

* *1 hour* dowining the Android studio and setting environment for it.

### 12 Dec 2021

* *3 hour* imporve the developing envirnoment setting on android studio.
* 
## Week 13
### 13 Dec 2021

* *2 hour* learning and making virtural device on android studio for furture developing and testiing.
* *0.5 hour* searhing learning material on android studio developing.

### 14 Dec 2021

* *2 hour* working on status report

### 15 Dec 2021

* *0.5 hour* working on status report.

### 17 Dec 2021

* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervioser
* *2.5 hour* improve the statues report base on supervisoer's comments.

### 18 Dec 2021

* *0.5 hour* creating new timelog file for semester 2 and holiday as txt file.
* *xx hour* this line is  not a reord, but i have to discuss about my timelog,im sry i didnt update my timelop in my github as my orginal timelog are recored in txt file as i didnt get used to using markdown and my github repositories are created during the dec holiday duration when i actually started to do the coding part, but not the begining of the semester.



## Holiday duration
### 25 Dec 2021

* *2 hour* pratice android studio skills

### 26 Dec 2021

* *1 hour* searching learning materials for android studio
* *1 hour* recall java skills.

### 1 Jan 2022
* *3 hour* recall java skills.


### 3 Jan 2022
* *2 hour* learning android studio.

### 5 Jan 2022
* *5 hour* start the coding of the project,testing the programming runing in virtual device


### 6 Jan 2022
* *4 hour* fix my old android phone and try testing the programming runing on my vold phone

* *1 hour* do comparation between virtual device and real phone.

### 8 Jan 2022
* *3 hour* dicussing the developing plan with friends who has experience on it,decide to divdide the project into servel steps.

### 9 Jan 2022
* *1 hour* searching for example/learning materials for the first step.
* *2 hour* pratice android studio skills.


## Semester 2
## Week1
### 10 Jan 2022
* *1 hour* pratice android stuido skills.
* *0.5 hour* recall java skills.
* *1 hour* searching for example/learning materials for the first step.

### 11 Jan 2022
* *10 hour* start the step 1 coding, which is the most bascic weather forecast part.

### 12 Jan 2022
* *5 hour* keep working on the recyle view
* *5 hour* testing the application, finding a problem that sometimes the api call doesnt work and just return the same result after i changed the request.then try to fix it.
* *2 hour* build the repository on github.

### 13 Jan 2022
* *2 hour* try to fix the api problem.
* *2 hour* delete the current repository, create a new one while try update the commit through android studio directly.
* *0.5 hour* recording a short video on current app for avoid the api problem happens during the meeting.
* *1 hour* finding a way to project my phone to lattop then can show app in meeting.


### 14 Jan 2022
* *0.5 hour* meeting with superviosr
* *2 hour* working on the api problem, try use another api call function
* 
## Week2
### 17 Jan 2022
* *2 hour* working on the api problem.

### 18 Jan 2022
* *5 hour* working on the api problem, solve it.
* *0.5 hour* improve the app out look.

### 19 Jan 2022
* *3 hour* adding new filter function.
* *1 hour* improving the app out look.
* *5 hour* moving to next step, expanding the forecast to 3 days.
* *1 hour* perpare the supervisor meeting.

### 20 Jan 2022
* *1 hour* searching the relative artile on outside drying weather, 
* *2 hour* improve the algorithm.

### 21 Jan 2022
* *0.5 hour* commit the current verison.checking the app work with updates.
* *0.5 hour*meeting with supervisor.
* *3 hour*checking the current progress, make decision among further functions, expecaiily alarm and user setting.
* *1 hour*move to next step, working on the alarm.

### 22 Jan 2022
* *15 hour* working on the alarm(focus on transfer date data from view part to main activity)
* 
## Week3
### 26 Jan 2022
* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervisor(im late)

### 28 Jan 2022
* *1 hour* making a progress report via email.

## Week4
### 31 Jan 2022
* *2 hour* checking the current progress, decide stop the further function developing as most fucntrion target achieved.

### 1 Feb 2022
* *1 hour* perparing the evaluation.

### 2 Feb 2022
* *2 hour* communicatiing with firends, ask them to join the evalution.
* *0.5 hour* meeting with the supervisor

## Week5
### 8 Feb 2022
* *3 hour* working on the evaluation perparation, decide to do it in questionnire way.

### 9 Feb 2022
* *0.5 hour* meeting with supervioser.

### 10 Feb 2022
* *1 hour* searhing materials for the evaluation from network, about how to do a good evaluation.
* *0.5 hour* checking and ethic list.

### 12 Feb 2022
* *0.5 hour* Filling ethic list, email to supervioser.

## Week6
### 17 Feb 2022
* *2hour* working on the questionnaire.

### 18 Feb 2022
* *0.5hour* working on the questionnaire(finished).
* *0.5hour* send the questionnaries and current version applications, start the evaluation.
* 
## Week7
### 23 Feb 2022
* *2hour* improving the code and add some comments.
* *0.5hour*sending a email to supervisor about missing today's meeting and my current questions and progress.

### 24 Feb 2022
* *2hour* redesign a new querstionnaire and cease the current evalution, let them use new questionnqires.

### 27 Feb 2022
* *3hour* working on the disseration
* 
## Week8
### 2 Mar 2022
* *0,5hour* meeting with supervioser.

## Week9
### 9 Mar 2022
* *1hour* Adding necessary improvement on github, includes a read me file, move apf files.
* *0,5hour* meeting with supervioser.

### 10 Mar 2022
* *5hour* working on the disseration drat.

### 11 Mar 2022
* *3hour* working on the disseration drat.

## Week10
### 14 Mar 2022
* *5hour* working on the disseration drat.

### 16 Mar 2022
* *0,5hour* meeting with supervioser.
* *2hour* working on the disseration, base on supervioser's comments.

### 19 Mar 2022
* *5hour* working on the disseration, base on supervioser's comments.

## Week11
### 27 Mar 2022
* *1hour* working on the disseration, base on supervioser's comments.
* *3hour*transfer timelog from txt file to markdown file

## Week11
### 30 Mar 2022
* *10hour* working on the disseration,transfer it into latex

### 31 Mar 2022
* *15hour* working on the disseration

### 1 Apr 2022
* *1hour* working on presenation recording















